I have not succeeded well in having long-term projects on my own. I showed great promise at the start,
but then things began to fall apart. Maintaining a diligent work schedule was a truly fulfilling thing
as I realized little by little progress was being made and I recognized and learned new things. Once
I started giving myself lee-way and other personal issues the regular work and reports had fallen apart.
Still I recognize that deadlines were met though I deem my work to be sub-par due to the aforementioned issues.
With this, I also realize that I underestimate my potential. As the goals and deadlines I set for myself were easily accomplished.
Still, more work could have been done and made more finished products if I was more consistent in my work.
Additionally, I recognize I could invest time in learning videos on how to use certain tools.
There is still much more room for improvement in quality of model and speed of creation.
I have learned from past projects to put more time into planning and it clearly showed in this project
as I researched and gathered materials for reference. Though I feel things could have been even greater
if I had done some more research, in the subject I was aiming to create as well as the program I was using.

To increase my growth I feel I would have to do a new style of modeling than what I am used to. As I use the 
boolean tools a great deal. A real challenge for growth would be to draw a polygon and make one whole solid model.
This is but one possiblility. Though it could yield excellent results and higher quality models, at expense of time
- with learning how to model that way and the fact outright it would be more laborious and detail intensive. 
With this style it would be better to have a waterfall method implementation, plan it out exactly and follow the plan.
Due to the fact that it will be one solid model I won't be able to add any shapes or the like as I have done.

I can say for the first month I was absolutely estatic and proud of my progress in maintaining and working on this project.
Regular work and reports being completed gave me a sense of satisfaction and progress. With past experiences excitement would
have died out within a week or less. This time I was able to continue my work and feel the thrill of progress and acheivement,
even more so when I recognized errors in my work and that I was learning and growing! I am so far from being perfect, but I
have made some personal progress. I deem this to be a success, a small one, but one nonetheless. 

Now with half the semester gone and deadlines still to meet I can still put forth greater effort and renew my diligence.
I may have had issues and personal trials come up, but I can choose not to be bogged down by those. Choose to act and not
drown myself in my sorrows and problems. So, once again I will have my routine of daily work and recording commencen. However,
this time I will be sending a report weekly or twice a week to my instructor as though he was a client that I am making this model for.
This will allow me to practice writing formal emails and finding ways to convey progress that is being made to a client/customer.

Application for the future:
For the future I must recognize that all projects take persistent, consistent effort and work. Especially in the field I am to be pursuing.
Additionally, much more can be accomplished in a team. If I had others interested and wanting to work on this the work could easily be divided
then assembled. Though I can already see how some complications could occur, but with regular communication and planning those issues could be 
avoided. So, what I have learned for the future, small projects I can do on my own, but for larger projects it will be practically impossible.
Practically being the operative word here. As I have been learning about system design and analysis it is stated bluntly that no one can know the
entire picture and how everything works, its simply not possible. I have to use my own strengths and rely on the strenghts of others to make up
for my weaknesses and vice-versa, to become a team and help one another achieve a common goal. 

