This project was unique as it was my first time leading a project all on my own. I collaborated with my roommate that shared
an interest in the project I was doing and work began in earnest. Though I discovered that we shared a lot of the same strengths
and weaknesses. This made the project harder as one could not help the other as easily in certain parts of the project.
Though it was helpful having someone to help with the project, the workload was made lighter and more ideas were created.
However, with this I came face to face with one of my greatest weaknesses: pride. I had a specific way I wanted things to be done
and viewed no other way of doing it. As originally this was to be a story I had been working on for quite awhile. I changed the project
to be a unique one we would create together. Taking themes and ideas from my original story but then allowing both of our creativity
to flow together. I encouraged any creative thinking that my partner had, even if I did not like an idea. Though this is another
flaw that I need to improve upon which is constructive criticism. 

Additionally, I struggled with giving direction as at times I did not have it myself. I knew what I wanted to acheive and how *I*
could do it, but trying to have a partner and explain that was and is a challenge. Communication is critical in projects but also
proves to be a difficult task. 


What I did well:
Encouraged creativity, having "the sky is the limit" and a "there are no stupid ideas" mentality.
Split the work evenly and collaborated with my partner in how we would do so.
What my partner did well:
Helped remind me of deadlines and meetings to discuss progress and next steps.
Brought an eagerness and excitement to the project and work.
What we did well:
Communicated until we understood each other and the plan of what we were going to be doing.
Asking questions and clarifying about plans or elements in the project.


So, areas to improve in the future:
Practice communicating the ideas that I have and what they mean. (Fulfill what I desire in my dream project, like how a film director would, 
and not just cave to what others want to achieve)

Learn how to take new ideas and implement them into what I already have. In other words, be humble enough to listen to and change 
ideas and plots for the better.

Practice saying no, and give constructive criticism, tell the why of how something won't work.




